test/fixtures/cross_agent_tests/sql_obfuscation/README.md, before:

These test cases cover obfuscation (more properly, masking) of literal values
from SQL statements captured by agents. SQL statements may be captured and
attached to transaction trace nodes, or to slow SQL traces.

Input queries end with the suffix `.sql`, and the expected obfuscated results
end with the suffix `.obfuscated`. Input queries may contain comment lines
explaining notes about the test case. Comment lines will precede the actual
query, and begin with a `#` symbol.

Test cases that have a `.mysql` or `.postgres` tag in the filename preceding the
`.sql` suffix are specific to either mysql or postgres obfuscation. This is
relevant because PostgreSQL uses different identifier and string quoting rules
than MySQL (most notably, double-quoted string literals are not allowed in
PostgreSQL, where double-quotes are instead used around identifiers).

The `malformed` directory contains SQL queries that are not valid SQL in any
quoting mode. Some agents may choose to attempt to obfuscate these cases, and
others may instead just replace the query entirely with a placeholder message.

The following database documentation may be helpful in understanding these test
cases:
* [MySQL String Literals](http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.5/en/string-literals.html)
* [PostgreSQL String Constants](http://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.2/static/sql-syntax-lexical.html#SQL-SYNTAX-CONSTANTS)

Commit message:

Update to JSON-based SQL obfuscation tests

test/fixtures/cross_agent_tests/sql_obfuscation/README.md, after:

These test cases cover obfuscation (more properly, masking) of literal values
from SQL statements captured by agents. SQL statements may be captured and
attached to transaction trace nodes, or to slow SQL traces.

`sql_obfuscation.json` contains an array of test cases.  The inputs for each
test case are in the `sql` property of each object. Each test case also has an
`obfuscated` property which is an array containing at least one valid output.

Test cases also have a `dialects` property, which is an array of strings which
specify which sql dialects the test should apply to. Currently the options are
`mysql`, `postgres`, or `all`  This is relevant because PostgreSQL uses
different identifier and string quoting rules than MySQL (most notably,
double-quoted string literals are not allowed in PostgreSQL, where
double-quotes are instead used around identifiers).

Test cases may also contain the following properties:
  * `malformed`: (boolean) tests who's SQL queries are not valid SQL in any
  quoting mode. Some agents may choose to attempt to obfuscate these cases,
  and others may instead just replace the query entirely with a placeholder
  message.
  * `pathological`: (boolean) tests which are designed specifically to break
  specific methods of obfuscation, or contain patterns that are known to be
  difficult to handle correctly
  * `comments`: an array of strings that could be usefult for understanding
  the test.

The following database documentation may be helpful in understanding these test
cases:
* [MySQL String Literals](http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.5/en/string-literals.html)
* [PostgreSQL String Constants](http://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.2/static/sql-syntax-lexical.html#SQL-SYNTAX-CONSTANTS)
